# wire2json
Easy conversion of exported semi-colon delimited cookies from Wireshark, to be imported into Edit this Cookie browser extension via required JSON format. `wire2json.py` expects format generated by right click context menu of cookies in Wireshark -> copy -> ...as Printable Text.

Most options don't need to be configured, but can be adjusted using command line argument flags.
By default the domain, and the cookies require setting each time the program is run. Cookie will default to a 90 day lifespan, with path "/", and all cookie flags will default to false.
By default, file_output is set to false, so JSON will be output in the console. If needed, set this value to true to get a file instead.
The output file name is by default, `cookies.json`, but can easily be configured.

Usage: `python3 wire2json.py [options] domain`
For additional usage information, run `python3 wire2json.py -h`

# jsChar2Code
Convert plaintext into ascii ecnoded integer values, e.g. for String.fromCharCode(...) to be used in JavaScript.

Usage: `python3 jsChar2Code.py [-f FILE] [-o OUTPUT] [-r] [-n]`

`-f, File to read from`

`-o, If set, output will be supressed from console and written to file name specified`

`-r, Set this option to remove String.fromCharCode(...) text, and just get encoded output`

`-n, Set this option to retain trailing newlines at end of file`

## Examples
`python3 jsChar2Code.py -f script.js -o encoded.js` will read JavaScript from `script.js`, and output to `encoded.js`, while stripping trailing newlines, and wrapping encoded characters in `String.fromCharCode(...)`.

Note that, if the file `script.js` contains no newlines (e.g. a minified js file), the following is equivalent to the above `cat script.js | python3 jsChar2Code.py -o encoded.js`

`python3 jsChar2Code.py -rnf script.js` will read JavaScript from `script.js`, and output to the console, while retaining trailing newlines, but will not wrap encoded characters in `String.fromCharCode(...)`.
